High in this video we are going to talk about how to handle data SATs in PI brain.
So that's important.
PI abrain dataset supervised data set.
And if we would like to create a supervised data set it's quite easy we just have to instantiate it
supervised data.
And we have to specify that what's the number of the inputs and how many outputs we are looking for.
So for example if we are talking about logical operators we had two inputs and a single output.
Why.
Because we have for example 0 0 as an input and we have zero as an output or if we have 1 0 then the
output will be one for the X or logical relation.
So that's why we have to specify that what's going to be the input size and the output size.
And then we are able to order samples so our sample with 0 0 and for example 0.
OK it's going to be the first sample then we are able to or I'm going to talk about X or logical relations
so something like this like that.
OK.
And we are able to get that input.
So we are able to get the inputs from this data.
And we are able to get the target verifiable.
So we are able to iterate through we have the input we have a target in the data.
We just have to iterate through something like this and printout that the improved aim
and output is the target solely for that the target for arrivals.
So that say that and I guess we're just going to work fine.
I'm going to run an hour on that story that by.
And yet we are able to separate and gather the inputs and the targets from the Superlight data sat as
you can see we have the input and the output input output input output on a line by line basis and we
are able to if we would like to get for example all the inputs we can refer to the inputs as the input.
So if we printed out like this going to say that cleared the console and run it as you can see we are
able to get all of the input variables if we reference the data with this import and it's going to get
all the rows for the inputs.
If we are curious about the outputs or the target variables we just have to say that I would like to
get from the data that targets.
OK and if I say that and right again as you can see we are able to separate the inputs and the target
accordingly.
So this is how we handle data in PI brain quite easy and quite convenient.
Thanks for watching.